The Stanley Parable
	title line wait, protagonist name Stanley- This brings you fond memories of various closest you have been in.
	What two lines? -> confusing -> I am not going to draw you any more adventure lies.
	Office keypad

Global Quantum Game Jam
	title line wait - Like the developers in the game jam, you don't have infinite amount of time to use

King Charles of United Kingdom
	Waking up, protagonist name Charles - You feel majestic despite you long life

Decoherent Histories
	walking to university - Sometimes you feel so absent minded that you could forget your name. - Alluding to the fact that there is no fact of the matter what the protagonist name is (in contrast to classical history).

Mary the color scientist thought experiment
	walking to university, protagonist name Mary - You thought you knew everything but you just leaner how the color red looks like.

Saying, the pen is mightier than the sword
	Finding corpse - The blue pen seems elegant. Being used like a sword doesn't compliment its true power.

Saying, cats having nine lives
	Runa, corpse has slice injury - They say cats have nine lives, don't they? So does the cat gain more by taking another?

Meme, arrow to the knee
	Inspect -> knee - Well your adventure days are over.

Turing Test
	Rascal, Calming, protagonist name Ada - It seems to only concern Luna. Nothing on Europa on it. So "new world" of them.

Trope, The butler did it
	https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/TheButlerDidIt
	Butler, Snark -  Isn't it always the butler? - Do you think that is funny?
	Who I think did it? - Butler - It is always the butler

Decoherence
	Hall of Fame
		The location by design desynching the mystery stories
		There is a sign warning about over studying tearing you apart. What incoherent non-sense.
		Lisa you are tearing me apart! - alluding that this is likely to be the first bits where the desynching of the mystery stories is actually severe.

The Room
	protagonist name Lisa, Hall of Fame
		"Oh, hi Mark", you greet your buddy security guard
		Why are there spoons instead of faces in the pictures here?
		Lisa you are tearing me apart!

Trope, Lonely at the Top
	https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/LonelyAtTheTop
	Hall of Fame, top floor - allusion to the low measure the player has in order to reach this position.

Tarring and feathering
	History Teacher during lucan plot
		Let Merry know that if he doesn't give the Tar book back I am going to roll them in tar.
	After knowing the Tar book has not been returned in cleaning cellar
		On the floor, besides all the bottles of cleaning liquids, brushes and swabs is a book with the name "Bernard Tar",  an earring, a hat and a feather. There are not enough feathers to pose a threat to anyones dignity.

South Park
	Considering solving the case, Yes this is hopeless - All this mystery is hurting my brain. Screw you guys I am going home!

Fourth wall lean - Speedrunning
	Considereing solcing the case - So what evidence do I have? Everything, 100% speedrun

Meme, I did it for the Lulz
	Why they did it? - For the mad lolz

Cut reference, Austin Powers
	How they did it? -> Judoest of chops

Fourth wall lean, ascension as game exit
	You win -> Accpept outcome - You step into the light through the fourth wall. -> Oh no the great beyond -> game closes
	

Meme, GG no re
	You step into the light thrugh the fourth wall -> GG no re -> game closes - Player perspective bleeding to game world, good game, no rematch

Meme, Chuck Testa
	Mailroom, task explanation, object - So I will choose to interpret that they are meaning for the animals to get taxidermisised. If you have a problem with that I can arrange for you to find a bear in your bed. -> Nope, -> I would rather have a antilope in my car. You just got upgraded to jaguar on your deck.

Critical Role
	walk to university - The smell of fresh cut grass brightens your mood.
	Mailroom, mail sorter - What do you know about the murder? - Nothing, I know about letters - I guess even letters knows more about murder.
	Mailroom, task, apply neurotoxin - you might as well have used a chainsaw to destroy that pussy. - guilty protagonist, you take 2 points - "Two points of what?" - ...

Schrödingers cat
	mailroom, task, animal label

Bomb tester
	mailroom, task, handle with care label

Quantum Tunneling
	mailroom, task, express label

Super Smash Brothers
	Demise - Use half of your smash coins to continue - You don't have enough smash coins to continue -> Master this hand!

Meme, Lemme Smash
	Demise - You don't have enough smash coins to continue -> Ben is a hoe anyway

Mere, Superior siege engine
                mailroom task, express label - put the box in the superior siege engine

Saying, Time waits for no one
	empty string as command - Well this time Time insists and waits for you to do something.

CPU instructions
	short-cut action 0 - You do nothing. No operation. NOP

Antichamber
	Every journey is a series of choices. The first is to begin the journey.
	Too much curiosity can get the best of us.
	Some events happen whether we want them to or not.

Disco Elysium
   There is primordial blackness.
   A reptilian brain drinks it in like a beer.
   An unimaginably hoarse sound booms what would be all over if there was anything.
  The is no Innocence, not even one with glowing lungs.
  Soon a smile will spring as icon for the ages to keep the ex-wives away.
  It is not sponsored by a mad hatter, not for lack of not being mad enough.
  And definetely not for the tea for not being strong enough.
  The man whose job it is to find the naked truth
   rather escapes trying to sunset his brain into tequila.
   **Oh that is a cool game I want to play that
         Well you have to get your ass up from the chair if you want to get to that flashy disco.

Vampire the masquarade
	The prince has not even set a keeper... clearly anarch lands. -> I shall go embrace that game tonight

Pulp Fiction
            Opening an express box - What's inside the box? - You would like to know wouldn't you - Unfortunately your character has already looked inside#program - So they don't have any reason to look again#program

Warhammer 40k
           Marvel at tunneled box - Huh, I guess more dakka is always a solution. - Maybe I should paint it red next time.

Trope Red Herring
          Ceaningcellar bucket -  You find a scarltet fish swimming in the bucket! - How unsual, this has to be a central clue to this mystery. # narration

New Problem of induction
          Hallway - the middle arc is grue.

The Shining
         Reading the registery many entries in a row - All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. You know what games are for? PLAYING.

