Here be the beadcrumps to maybe make easier sense of trying to manage the plot

Werewolf

Math teacher had question suggesting that polypinkiloid would do something about lucantropy

Chemistry teacher is missing a purple potion. polypinkiloid is kinda like pink.

History teacher wants Merry to return Tar book

Cleaning cellar book is named "Bernad Tar", last page has cribble "Maybe mix polypinkiliod with grey pain?" - that student (which might be unidentified absed on prot knowledge) is trying to produce a potion for specific effect

Rascal mentions that some department is extorting money for secret drinks


formula & cure & extort
Registry shows merry bieber to be a student of zoology -> werewolf is identified

Mess around murderbathroom is signs of struggle

I guess Merry is a messy also as a human as that indicates guilt for merry even without lucantropy.

In conclusion "that totally random student" turns to "Merry Bieber" and counts as getting the perperator right (if actually guilty)



Torn Protagonist
In wake up protagonist is missing pens. These are supposed to be the ones in murderbathroom. This is evidence he was there already.



box office uses neurotoxin
-> runa talks about animal policy, gives sleep powder, motive reveal for runa
-> option to sleep cats in post





teleportation

after some clocks ticks which ticks every time hallway is visited, corpse decays
-> decayed corpse torso can be searched for key
-> key can be used to open office drawers
-> drawer has communication receiver to control fancy lock


postworker explain "handle with care", knowledge about chemistry mailing bombs
-> ask chemistry teacher about it and they tell of a hidden machine in auditorium, this device is used for affair purposes
-> audittorium panel is findable


rascal can be asked about experiement
-> auditorium can be used to access producer
-> producer can produce "superpass word"


panel & "superpass" & anti-correlation source(!!!currenly missing!!!)
-> plug in pass and anti-cor to generate a season reading

-> season reading & communication receiver
Inserst anti-cor and reading to make fancy lock open





murder case combination

history teacher does it for the will

math
     affair:
            for being cheated on
     werewolf:
           mad science
     ?

Chemistry
    affair:
           for ending a relationship
    protect bomb smuggling ring
    protect potion smuggling ring
    plain: poison

History
   for testament
   to punish for firing of colleague

Protagonist
   slice: with pen
   blunt: karate chop
   plain: ?

victim
    Depression
    Inheritance fraud

accident
    blunt: slip
    slice: ?
    plain: heart attack

merry
    werewolf: true
    fedora tipping
          plain: suffocation with hat

butler
   debt
          for being designated a criminal
   werewolf
          to uphold the masquarade
   ?

rascal
   debt
          to avoid paying a debt
   theft of prototype parts
   revenge for disciplining
   strattlement stabbing in process of prototype parts theft
          slice

Runa
         to avenge killed cats
                  plain: chloroform
                  slice: beastmastering a cat
                  blunt: punching in a fit of anger
